donald-trump	republican	elections	Pants on Fire!
javier-m-gonzales	democrat	homeland-security	Half-True
reince-priebus	republican	homeland-security	Mostly True
rand-paul	republican	foreign-policy	True
blog-posting	none	fake-news	Pants on Fire!
rudy-giuliani	republican	campaign-finance	True
donald-trump	republican	homeland-security	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
donald-trump	republican	nuclear	False
blog-posting	none	elections	Pants on Fire!
social-media	none	diversity	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
barack-obama	democrat	elections	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	history	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	taxes	True
donald-trump	republican	elections	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	crime	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
conservative-daily-post	organization	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	gays-and-lesbians	True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	economy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	guns	True
donald-trump	republican	ethics	Half-True
priorities-usa-action	democrat	immigration	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly True
sean-duffy	republican	elections	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	homeland-security	Pants on Fire!
robby-mook	democrat	criminal-justice	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	congress	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	children	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	children	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
newt-gingrich	republican	ethics	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	federal-budget	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	criminal-justice	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	True
donald-trump	republican	polls	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	elections	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	immigration	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	bipartisanship	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	elections	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
kellyanne-conway	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	corporations	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	debt	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	elections	True
donald-trump	republican	crime	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	criminal-justice	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	crime	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	drugs	True
mike-pence	republican	ethics	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	bankruptcy	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	taxes	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	taxes	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	corrections-and-updates	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
mike-pence	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	sports	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	history	True
barack-obama	democrat	homeland-security	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	taxes	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	energy	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
donald-trump	republican	corrections-and-updates	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	history	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	homeland-security	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	crime	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	terrorism	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	health-care	False
donald-trump	republican	history	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	health-care	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
tim-kaine	democrat	children	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
gina-raimondo	democrat	economy	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	False
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	Half-True
tim-kaine	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	criminal-justice	True
mike-pence	republican	nuclear	Mostly False
mike-pence	republican	drugs	Mostly False
tim-kaine	democrat	social-security	Mostly False
tim-kaine	democrat	immigration	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	False
tim-kaine	democrat	economy	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
mike-pence	republican	job-accomplishments	Half-True
tim-kaine	democrat	economy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Mostly False
barack-obama	democrat	federal-budget	Half-True
chelsea-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
blog-posting	none	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	crime	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	False
donald-trump	republican	crime	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	energy	False
donald-trump	republican	obama-birth-certificate	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	debt	True
donald-trump	republican	crime	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	civil-rights	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	diversity	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	climate-change	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	israel	Half-True
michael-morell	none	candidates-biography	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	diversity	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	diversity	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
republican-national-committee-republican	republican	diversity	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	diversity	True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	abortion	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	obama-birth-certificate	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	obama-birth-certificate	False
donald-trump	republican	obama-birth-certificate	Full Flop
john-fleming	republican	congress	False
donald-trump	republican	children	Pants on Fire!
kellyanne-conway	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
blog-posting	none	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
barack-obama	democrat	candidates-biography	True
paul-wolfowitz	none	iraq	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	drugs	True
william-weld	libertarian	polls	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	immigration	Half-True
blog-posting	none	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	government-regulation	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	False
occupy-democrats	organization	bush-administration	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	health-care	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	veterans	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	iraq	False
rudy-giuliani	republican	federal-budget	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	False
mike-pence	republican	foreign-policy	True
donald-trump	republican	children	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	crime	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	ethics	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
end-citizens-united	organization	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	crime	Pants on Fire!
reince-priebus	republican	obama-birth-certificate	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly False
gary-johnson	libertarian	elections	False
reince-priebus	republican	crime	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	education	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	small-business	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	diversity	Mostly False
reince-priebus	republican	candidates-biography	False
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
jennifer-granholm	democrat	ethics	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	pundits	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	immigration	True
tim-kaine	democrat	women	True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
joe-biden	democrat	legal-issues	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	income	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
gary-johnson	libertarian	drugs	True
paul-manafort	republican	foreign-policy	Pants on Fire!
rudy-giuliani	republican	terrorism	False
gary-johnson	libertarian	drugs	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
gary-johnson	libertarian	deficit	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	elections	Pants on Fire!
paul-manafort	republican	candidates-biography	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	trade	Half-True
tom-harkin	democrat	civil-rights	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	nuclear	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	immigration	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	energy	False
viral-image	none	elections	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	True
howard-dean	democrat	federal-budget	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
america-rising-now	organization	candidates-biography	Mostly False
national-border-patrol-council	none	immigration	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
donald-trump	republican	taxes	Pants on Fire!
paul-ryan	republican	abortion	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	False
barack-obama	democrat	trade	Mostly True
katrina-pierson	republican	iraq	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly True
joe-biden	democrat	foreign-policy	False
donald-trump	republican	debates	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Full Flop
paul-manafort	republican	debates	False
joaquin-castro	democrat	history	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	public-safety	True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Full Flop
karen-bass	democrat	immigration	Half-True
barack-obama	democrat	polls	Mostly True
barack-obama	democrat	crime	Mostly True
joe-biden	democrat	economy	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	economy	Half-True
tim-kaine	democrat	debt	Half-True
chris-murphy	democrat	guns	True
john-hutson	none	military	Mostly True
bill-clinton	democrat	jobs	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	patriotism	Half-True
bill-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
bill-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	history	Mostly False
joseph-crowley	democrat	federal-budget	Half-True
barbara-boxer	democrat	abortion	Half-True
amy-klobuchar	democrat	crime	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	income	Half-True
luis-gutierrez	democrat	immigration	Mostly True
elizabeth-warren	democrat	debt	Half-True
republican-national-committee-republican	republican	terrorism	True
bernie-s	independent	economy	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	jobs	Mostly True
michelle-obama	democrat	diversity	True
kirsten-gillibrand	democrat	families	Mostly True
tim-kaine	democrat	health-care	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
donald-trump-jr	republican	economy	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	education	False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	history	True
donald-trump	republican	taxes	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	economy	True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	guns	False
donald-trump	republican	taxes	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	trade	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	welfare	True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	crime	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	education	Half-True
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
mike-pence	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
newt-gingrich	republican	immigration	Mostly True
mike-pence	republican	economy	Half-True
newt-gingrich	republican	corrections-and-updates	Mostly True
phil-ruffin	republican	candidates-biography	False
mitch-mcconnell	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump-jr	republican	health-care	False
ron-johnson	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly True
chris-christie	republican	foreign-policy	True
chris-christie	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
mitch-mcconnell	republican	candidates-biography	Half-True
paul-manafort	republican	campaign-advertising	False
jeff-sessions	republican	immigration	False
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
mark-geist	newsmaker	foreign-policy	Mostly False
jeff-sessions	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
jeff-sessions	republican	economy	Mostly True
reince-priebus	republican	elections	False
reince-priebus	republican	children	False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
barack-obama	democrat	guns	Mostly False
mike-pence	republican	foreign-policy	False
mike-pence	republican	economy	Half-True
gary-johnson	libertarian	immigration	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	debt	Half-True
mike-rawlings	democrat	corrections-and-updates	Half-True
cory-booker	democrat	crime	Mostly True
viral-image	none	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	campaign-finance	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	corrections-and-updates	False
america-rising-now	organization	candidates-biography	Mostly False
barack-obama	democrat	economy	False
barack-obama	democrat	trade	Mostly False
elizabeth-warren	democrat	financial-regulation	Mostly True
tom-cotton	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	taxes	True
sean-hannity	none	foreign-policy	Mostly False
michael-cohen	none	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	corrections-and-updates	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	jobs	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	economy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	religion	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	abortion	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
cory-booker	democrat	crime	Mostly True
blog-posting	none	terrorism	False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	ethics	True
donald-trump	republican	iraq	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly True
priorities-usa-action	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	corrections-and-updates	Mostly False
barack-obama	democrat	economy	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Pants on Fire!
charles-schumer	democrat	congress	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	agriculture	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	crime	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	families	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	immigration	False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly True
viral-image	none	education	Mostly False
gary-johnson	libertarian	congress	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	crime	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	legal-issues	Mostly False
mitch-mcconnell	republican	supreme-court	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	military	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	climate-change	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	health-care	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	homeland-security	False
donald-trump	republican	energy	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	cap-and-trade	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	elections	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	bankruptcy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	crime	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	crime	False
donald-trump	republican	immigration	Pants on Fire!
hillary-clinton	democrat	bankruptcy	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	corrections-and-updates	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	history	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	economy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	workers	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	financial-regulation	Half-True
priorities-usa-action	democrat	women	Pants on Fire!
penny-pritzker	democrat	economy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	guns	False
donald-trump	republican	crime	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	climate-change	Mostly True
joe-biden	democrat	health-care	False
donald-trump	republican	elections	False
donald-trump	republican	taxes	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	abortion	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	economy	Mostly False
donald-trump	republican	candidates-biography	Pants on Fire!
bernie-s	independent	elections	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	polls	Pants on Fire!
ted-cruz	republican	economy	Half-True
ted-cruz	republican	abortion	Mostly False
facebook-posts	none	history	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	energy	False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
john-kirby	democrat	foreign-policy	False
new-day-america	organization	corrections-and-updates	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	drugs	Mostly False
ted-cruz	republican	candidates-biography	Mostly False
ted-cruz	republican	elections	True
bob-graham	democrat	terrorism	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	income	Mostly True
robby-mook	democrat	campaign-finance	Mostly True
ben-carson	republican	debt	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	polls	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	elections	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	sports	False
bernie-s	independent	foreign-policy	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	campaign-finance	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	foreign-policy	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	elections	Mostly False
pat-mccrory	republican	gays-and-lesbians	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	abortion	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	social-security	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	economy	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	candidates-biography	Mostly False
bernie-s	independent	candidates-biography	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	debates	Half-True
jeff-bridges	activist	energy	False
donald-trump	republican	history	False
bernie-s	independent	environment	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	crime	Half-True
ted-cruz	republican	polls	Mostly False
tom-price	republican	economy	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	corporations	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	candidates-biography	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	guns	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	candidates-biography	Mostly False
new-day-america	organization	campaign-finance	False
bernie-s	independent	candidates-biography	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	elections	Mostly True
barack-obama	democrat	health-care	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	china	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	china	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	education	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	corrections-and-updates	Half-True
hillary-clinton	democrat	elections	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	campaign-finance	False
donald-trump	republican	legal-issues	Pants on Fire!
donald-trump	republican	china	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	afghanistan	True
hillary-clinton	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	candidates-biography	True
paul-ryan	republican	foreign-policy	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
ted-cruz	republican	foreign-policy	False
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	Half-True
mitch-mcconnell	republican	congress	False
joe-pitts	republican	drugs	True
club-growth	none	drugs	False
harry-reid	democrat	congress	Mostly True
john-kasich	republican	elections	Mostly True
mike-honda	democrat	history	True
donald-trump	republican	foreign-policy	False
ted-cruz	republican	economy	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	diversity	True
everytown-gun-safety	none	crime	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	civil-rights	False
ted-cruz	republican	civil-rights	True
marco-rubio	republican	corrections-and-updates	True
donald-trump	republican	economy	False
ted-cruz	republican	trade	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	education	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	immigration	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	climate-change	False
bernie-s	independent	diversity	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	immigration	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	technology	Mostly False
future45	republican	campaign-finance	Half-True
keep-promise-1-pac	republican	health-care	False
john-kasich	republican	economy	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	polls	Mostly True
right-rise	republican	candidates-biography	True
bernie-s	independent	city-government	Mostly True
bernie-s	independent	diversity	False
hillary-clinton	democrat	congress	Half-True
bernie-s	independent	jobs	Mostly False
hillary-clinton	democrat	environment	Mostly True
hillary-clinton	democrat	campaign-finance	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	history	Half-True
mitt-romney	republican	candidates-biography	Full Flop
tom-daschle	democrat	foreign-policy	Mostly False
ted-cruz	republican	campaign-finance	Half-True
donald-trump	republican	history	False
donald-trump	republican	voting-record	Mostly True
john-kasich	republican	polls	Mostly True
donald-trump	republican	history	False
